1.  Pre-observation conferences will be scheduled with no less than 48-hours’ notification to the teacher.
1.  Pre-observation conferences between the teacher and the evaluator will take place two (2) to three (3) school days prior to the formal classroom observation.  Pre-observation conferences prior to a formal classroom observation are private, interactive discussions between the evaluator and the teacher. The discussions at pre-observation conferences will address, but are not limited to, lesson and unit plans, portfolios of student work, student issues, resource needs, and the teacher’s identification of areas in which he or she wishes to receive focused feedback from the evaluator, and other professional practice issues identified by the teacher or evaluator.
1.  Each formal observation shall take place when the instructional module and academic subject discussed at the pre-observation conference are to be taught.
1.  Post-observation conferences between the teacher and the evaluator shall take place within ten (10) school days following an observation and shall be private.  During the post-observation conference, the evaluator will provide the teacher feedback and copies of the “Teacher Observation and Coaching Tool” and/or “Observation Rubric” the evaluator completed during the observation.  Both the teacher and evaluator will sign and date the Observation Tool and/or Rubric document(s), and the teacher will be provided a copy.  The teacher’s signature indicates receipt of the document and not necessarily agreement with its contents.

<style>ol li {padding: 0 0 1.2em 1.2em;} ol ::marker {content: "(" counter(list-item, lower-alpha) ") ";}</style>
